>> Lukas Ruebbelke: So in the barrel
rule for this lib, I'm going to
be in here a couple of times because
we're building this in pieces that
I'm going to be having to export pieces
and then consume it into our application.
When we get to facades,
we're gonna bypass all of that.
But for now I'm having to just so
you understand why I'm hopping into
the index.tx kind of barrel role for
this lib is because I am exposing
specific pieces as I create them.
So, in this case, we are going
to export projects state from,
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Lib/state/projects.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Where'd
my Intellisense go?
Not helpful, there we go.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Okay, so
now this is available for, essentially, or
basically I'm exposing it to any other
module, or project that I want to use.
So,
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: We'll
go project state.
One other thing that I
will point out is that,
if we were doing this
from complete scratch,
that we would need to come into here and
build,
well, actually build
these three pieces out.
So, I'll just comment these out and
talk about them real quick.
So Store module for route.
We're simply saying take the reducers,
all the combined reducers and
make it available.
And so there's some things,
some initialization things, and
kind of some connections that happen as
well as the observables are whiled up.
What we have here is StoreDevtoolsModule.
And so what this does is this actually
hooks into the Redux DevTools
in Chrome which is amazing.
It's almost we actually get this up and
running, or you'll see how that state
will flow through from the browser.
But as well, if something goes wrong,
it's really handy to be be like,
what's happening?
You can actually step
through the Devtools.
So I would say as awesome as I think Redux
is, I think the Redux Devtools is just
one of the greatest magic tricks ever for
being able to step through and
I know exactly what is happening to
my application at any given time.
And then when we have here I
could have saved this to later.
Well, no, I actually I need this is
we just have the effects module.
So as you create effects,
then you need to add them in here, okay.
So, with that said,
let's hop into our component.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Inside of our projects
component we are going to start to wire
this up.
So let's go.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: I'll just
put this in as a parameter, so
we'll go,
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Private store.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Store,
let me just check my import here, perfect.
And so
we're going to import the store and so
this is why in index.ts
in that barrel role,
I had to export this so that,
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: I
could say that this is a store
that has ProjectState.
All right, so now within our constructor,
we can do this here
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: If we have,
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: In our reducers,
we've added in this initial project state.
The next step that we want to do is,
we want to pull this off.
So in our project's component,
what we can do is,
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: All right,
that's already there.
So we're gonna set projects$,
it's going to be
observable with projects in it and
then I will send it here.
And then I will turn it
off in the other place.
So we're actually getting it
from the service although this
project = store and
so this returns an observable string
which then we put into a pipe operator.
And from here, we're going to select,
now what feature are we working with,
projects?
And so we're going to say give us the
entire project state, and you know what?
I'm going to leave this like this for
right now so that I can actually walk
through what's happening and you can see.
So I'll go through and
let's go to getProjects and
I'm just going to comment this out.
So we're no longer going to call
the project service which is then
going to make that HTTP call.
It's now going to be
coming in via the store.
But let me hop in and
update the projects component here,
we're just going to comment this list out
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: And
instead preproject.
Now one thing we need to do, or
rather, because this is async,
so it's an observable,
we'll go async | json, like so.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: And we'll save this.
And so I'm just wanting to dump
what's coming off of the store.
So in the core data module we
need to import our state module.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Let's save this.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: You'll notice
that the object that we got back is
the entire application state for
the projects.
So we have projects, selected project ID,
as you would expect.
In fact, I'll pull up the dev tools
here so I have the Redux Chrome
dev tools and if you look here.
Let's just refresh this, initializing
the store, initializing effects.
More importantly, if we go over to State,
let me just bump this up.
This is where it's gonna
get kind of weird.
There we have customers and
we have projects.
In projects, if we look through this
pinhole here we have our projects and
our project ID.
So we're able to in from our browser
kind of trace this out and see it.
If I put this back down,
there you see it a little better.
So this is our entire state tree
customers, projects like so.
Now if we go over to our code,
what we need to do is inside
of our projects component,
we're going to go ahead and
let's just pull off the project itself.
So we'll go Map, and we'll take projects,
or rather we'll go when I'm
working with observables,
I like to make my
parameters kind of be self
documenting of what's
actually going to the string.
So I know that if I select projects,
I'm getting projectsState.
And then from here, we can just return
projectsState.projects
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: And
I could probably even strong type this.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Do I
need to import this?
Probably.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: There we go,
so let's see it in the browser.
Now we have just projects and from
here I can go into projects component.
I can uncomment this and delete this.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: So
now we're pulling it off of the store.
So now we're moving this from hey, lets
go get this from some remote service and
lets feed it in and lets hold state.
Is that we've moved it out of
the component into the store and
we're just selecting it and
bringing it in.
So in the projects component, just to
summarize is that we've injected the store
and than within from the store we're
saying I want to select project state.
And than off of project state I want
to pull just the projects from that and
than it's feeding this into
this project's observable,
so that any time this updates projects
in the store it's going to feed in and
then update the underlying components.
And so this is from kind of
ground zero how you would integrate or
add a new feature into
your application using ngrx
from creating the reducer to
adding it to the top reducer and
defining the state for
that feature and then adding it and
updating your application state.
So, what's interesting about Redux is
it's an incredibly simple pattern.
That anyone of us could sit down and
write in implementation of it,
in about 10 minutes.
And so obviously with Redux capital R and
ngrx there's some additional things,
but you could write a basic implementation
of Redux in ten minutes or less.
I mean it's very, very simple.
And so this is, when I think of the genius
that is Dan Abramov is that he basically
took kind of two design patterns,
put them together, and created
something that has completely inverted how
I think about application development.
And he's done it in maybe less
than 100 lines of code or
whatever, it's very very small,
which is incredibly interesting.